Overall information:
    Brigitte Lindholm is the youngest daughter of Torbjörn and Ingrid Lindholm, and is a traveling companion of Reinhardt Wilhelm. No longer sitting on the sidelines, Brigitte Lindholm has taken up arms to defend those in need of protection. A Lindholm through and through, Brigitte's aptitude for engineering is matched by her sense of honor. Overwatch has come to lean on Brigitte's steady support and natural sense of leadership, and Vivian Chase considers her to be one of Overwatch's best agents. Jean-Baptiste Augustin has similarly suggested that Brigitte could make captain one day.

    Brigitte is very stubborn, a trait inherited from her father. She didn't inherit his dwarfism however, and is very tall. Brigitte spars with Reinhardt every day. Afterwards, she and Reinhardt go to a pub or tavern to relax. She likes doughnuts, and loves semlor. Brigitte has regular workouts, but also "cheat days" where she gorges on food. These "cheat days" occur at her discretion. She is an amateur poet and songwriter, but apparently not a talented one. Brigitte has been described as a "cat fanatic," and has equipped them with constructs of her design on more than one occasion. The Siberian tiger is her favorite animal.


Prebirth:
    Brigitte was conceived many months before the events of Operation White Dome, where her father lost his left arm and right eye in battle. He would have lost his life as well, if not for Reinhardt's actions. As he recovered in hospital, Reinhardt wouldn't leave his side. Torbjörn became so frustrated that he told Reinhardt that if he left him alone, he could name his daughter. Torbjörn also decided to make him the godfather. Hence, Brigitte received her name, and her godfather.


Early Life:
    Brigitte was the first of Torbjörn's children to show an interest in mechanical engineering. Brigitte spent much of her spare time in her father's workshop, learning the trade and honing her skills. Her aptitude for engineering mirrored that of her father's, but Brigitte's primary interest was in armor fabrication and defensive systems, unlike Torbjörn, who was world-renowned (and perhaps infamous) for the weapons he created. She used her cats as workshop assistants, imagining them in outlandish situations. One of her childhood dreams was to outfit a cat with a jetpack. As a child, she made a suit of armor for one of her cats (much to the feline's disgruntlement). Her father noted her prediliction for putting cats in armor, but hoped it would just be a phase.

    At some point, Torbjörn took Brigitte to a music festival. Lúcio Correia dos Santos was the headliner. She and the rest of her family also visited Ilios.

    Everyone expected that Brigitte would continue her apprenticeship and follow in her father's footsteps. But her plans changed due to the influence of another prominent figure in her life, her father's close friend and fellow Overwatch agent, Reinhardt Wilhelm. A close friend of the family, Brigitte's godfather told her tales of heroes and chivalry as she grew up. When Reinhardt was forced into retirement from combat operations due to his age, Brigitte would learn of it through her father. While she may have wanted to join Overwatch before, she didn't want to now, disgusted as to how Reinhardt had been treated.

    After Overwatch's fall, Reinhardt declared that he would become a knight-errant on a quest to bring justice. Before he left on his adventures, Brigitte surprised him by asking to join him as his squire. Interested in adventure, Brigitte wanted to travel around, do good, and getting a chance to make the world a better place. Reinhardt accepted her request. She considered traveling alongside him to be a great honor.


Travels with Reinhardt:
    As a squire, Brigitte had many responsibilities, the most important of which was the upkeep of Reinhardt's Crusader armor (a design she was familiar with as the current version was designed by her father). On occasion, they would get into scraps. More and more, she found her main job was taking care of Reinhardt himself, trying to protect him from his over-enthusiasm even as his body was breaking down from years of combat.

    Dragon Slayer:
        Low on fuel and money, Reinhardt and Brigitte stopped off in a town to obtain some of the former. They discovered it to be akin to a ghost town, and it was revealed to be due to the Dragons, a group of armed scavengers. They encountered the Dragons soon afterwards, and Brigitte was held back as the thugs assaulted her friend, leaving only after Reinhardt had been soundly beaten. Brigitte rushed over to help him as the Dragons headed off to loot another town. Returning to their transport, Reinhardt remained set on helping the people, despite Brigitte's warnings that his armor couldn't handle another battle. Nonetheless, they got to work on its repair, and Brigitte located the Dragons in a factory outside town. Reinhardt engaged the criminals in combat, returning with the declaration that they would not bother the town any longer. Using scrap retrieved from the factory, Brigitte gave Hanna's stuffed toy lion an 'upgrade.'

        Their job done, the pair returned to their original goal of picking up fuel. However, Brigitte was uneasy; Reinhardt had nearly lost the fight, and she had scant parts with which she could repair his armor. She realized that serving only as a mechanic wasn't enough, and that the best way she could aid Reinhardt was to become a warrior in her own right. While Reinhardt trained her in combat, Brigitte began to build her own suit of armor in secret. Her initial suit was a prototype, made from whatever materials she could find.


Reflections:
    That same year, Brigitte and Reinhardt spent Christmas at her parents' home, with the latter reading stories to the Lindholm grandchildren.

Honor and Glory:
    Brigitte and Reinhardt were in Eichenwalde when they discussed the issue of Reinhardt returning to Overwatch, per a recall order from Winston. Brigitte was against the idea, telling Reinhardt that Winston's message wasn't meant for him. She also expressed a dim view on Overwatch, given how Reinhardt had been forced to retire from the organization in his fifties. Despite her pleading, Reinhardt resolved to heed the recall order. Realizing that Reinhardt believed that he had no choice, she resolved to support her mentor as best she could.

    At some point after receiving news of Winston's recall, Brigitte forwarded it onto Fareeha Amari. However, she refused to join Overwatch, as her place remained with Helix Security International.

Taking up arms:
    Brigitte finished work on her armor, though continued to refine it. At some point her father added to the design. She began to fight at Reinhardt's side, accompanying him in his return to Overwatch, and any others in need as knight and squire journey to make the world a better place, one battle at a time.


Null Sector Invasion:
    Zero Hour:
        Null Sector launched an attack on Paris. Brigitte and Reinhardt arrived in their truck, running over numerous Nullifiers to join the fight alongside the Overwatch agents that were already there. The Null Sector Titan fired an energy weapon at the group, but by interlocking their shields, the two of them were able to cause the beam to arc upwards, diverting it away from the Overwatch team. This gave the others enough time to destroy the Titan. In the aftermath, Brigitte greeted Tracer, who commented how much she'd grown. Brigitte was less enthused about Reinhardt saying how "ice" it was to meet Mei, though. In light of their victory, Winston declared that Overwatch had returned.

    A New War:
        Following the battle in Paris, the team traveled to Watchpoint Gibraltar, where Brigitte took advantage of Winston's technical expertise to enhance Reinhardt's armor, upgrading it to version 09. It would be needed, as Paris wasn't the only target Null Sector had attacked. Brigitte commented that what they'd faced in Paris was only just the beginning.

    Rio:
        Overwatch deployed to Rio de Janeiro in response to an attack by Null Sector on the city. They linked up with Lúcio, and were able to temporarily repel the attacking omnics. However, Null Sector's command ship remained in the sky, and Lúcio warned them that as long as it remained airborne, Null Sector would be able to keep deploying its forces at will. Brigitte and Genji were assigned to distract Null Sector, while Reinhardt, Tracer, Mei, and Lúcio fought their way into the command ship.

        The plan worked, and the ship's core was destroyed, sparking a chain reaction that spread throughout the ship. By this point, Echo had picked up all the team in their shuttle sans Reinhardt's team. Brigitte and the others watched as the others were able to get on the shuttle before the command ship was destroyed, Brigitte helping Mei make a safe landing inside the shuttle's bay.

        With Null Sector defeated in Rio, Brigitte and the rest of the team (including Lúcio) returned to Watchpoint: Gibraltar. Brigitte explained to him that the team Winston had assembled was all there was, but this was proven wrong, as Cole Cassidy was in the base waiting for them, along with a new team of recruits that joined Overwatch.

    Toronto:
        Brigitte and the rest of Overwatch headed to Toronto, which was on the verge of falling to Null Sector. There, they linked up with Vivian Chase. They fought their way through the city, saving what omnics they could from Subjugators, which were fixing strange devices to omnics' heads, rendering them inert. After the mission, Brigitte suggested that her father might know how to remove the devices safely. Reinhardt agreed.

    Gothenburg:
        Brigitte and Reinhardt arrived in Gothenburg and reunited with Torbjörn. The city was later invaded by Null Sector. She fought against the attacking omnics alongside Reinhardt, Bastion, and Torbjörn.

    Together:
        At Christmas, Brigitte took part in preparing Watchpoint: Gibraltar for the holiday festivities. She lit up a Christmas tree. With a flamethrower. Later at Christmas dinner, she embraced Reinhardt and her visiting parents.

    Buenos Aires:
        In what would be the last battle of Null Sector's invasion, Brigitte fought against Null Sector's warbots in Buenos Aires alongside Genji Shimada and Reinhardt Wilhelm. She and the rest of the strike team were dispatched to the city to investigate reports of a new warfront opening. Approximately six hours after their dispatch, all remaining Null Sector units entered what Brigitte described as sentinel configuration. Null Sector abruptly ceased all offensive maneuvers, formed a tight perimeter around their command ship, and began loading the remaining subjugated omnics onto the ship. Brigitte and the team tried to pursue, but were repelled; an action that was just as ineffective across the globe. Null Sector was able to successfully withdraw with their captured omnics in tow.


Reign of Talon:
    After Null Sector's retreat, Overwatch was left without much to do. During this period, a stray cat mysteriously turned up at Watchpoint: Gibraltar. Brigitte found her in the watchpoint's main landing bay. Ever the feline fanatic, Brigitte happily adopted her. With no clues about the cat's owner, she decided to take her in, naming her "Fika" in honor of her Kanelbullar coloring and endless appetite for treats. In her downtime, Brigitte imagined fitting her new feline friend with a jetpack, harkening back to a dream she'd had since she was young.

    Brigitte went over her old sketches. During her examination, Fika knocked a set of blueprints off the shelf, helping Brigitte in the thruster design. She began to suspect there was something special about the kitty. She continued work on the project, considering aspects such as shock absorbption, control (how could Fika control the jetpack without opposable thumbs?), the motor, healing projectiles, and a grapple. She put out a set of paint options for Fika, who knocked down every one of them except blue. Brigitte accepted Fika's decision. The blueprints for Project Jetpack Katt were complete. Even then, Brigitte doubted she would ever be able to put her dream into action. Even by the standards of Overwatch, a jetpack cat seemed outlandish. But she knew Fika could help, and as Overwatch always said, the world could always use more heroes.

Conquest:
    When Talon launched its assault on Gibraltar, Brigitte was forced to put her tinkering aside and join the fight, her ability to adapt put to the test. While the initial attack was repelled, the fight between Overwatch and Talon was just beginning. With enough resources and a good reason, Brigitte finally realized her childhood dreams and constructed a jetpack fit for little Fika. In designing it, she took some inspiration from Fareeha Amari's Raptora armor. The cat got its jetpack, and Fika became as much a contributor to Overwatch as any other. Brigitte knew that getting Sojourn to approve a jetpack wielding cat in the field was going to be an uphill battle, but Brigitte had a few ideas (and a lot of data) to help the cat out of the bag.

    Despite the threat of Talon, Lúcio and Brigitte considered throwing a welcoming party for the Ye siblings. Anran didn't think there was time due to everything that was going on, but Brigitte stated it would be good for morale.